who's even good I hate unlikely Lewis
bat 12 year olds and three chips or the
like oh my gosh how to kill myself so
annoying eating kids this is me the key
oh hey do you know how annoying oh how
you feel eating this almost go to 10 hey
you want a caffeine shit back you still
in the kid let him beat you know once
they realize until I be really fun it's
worth can you shut the fuck up for one
no I'm so furious aren't you got furious
it's very bothersome does it go
somewhere else just be still eating the
shit music on your dick I find one year
old boys go somewhere else I'm not even
kissing the lobby thing I feel fat in
fact in fact that if at oh my gosh so we
still know people had a lot of swords
why fight someone did that's what I'll
do to your mom's pussy pull in here has
big plans hey I oh my god so much you're
so fat cuz I want to merge clans or
somebody else you're going to trip
somewhere else Jesus take off your mic
is something maybe that's why I same as
muncher go get later something man come
on
tastes bad i thought of getting fit oh
my gosh take a second sobbing even shit
piece of shit i hope you consider
suicide
you